what's up YouTube Tom itself here today
we're taking a look at the battle pickup
LMGs as always with these videos check
out synth accom for all the stats
accuracy plots and updates like most
guns the LMGs are good if you can get
them in the right situations but there
are plenty of cases where they're not
the preferable gun as you can't just
spawn in with one of these weapons
they're a little bit tricky to get to
know if you have to pick one up because
you run out of ammo
knowing what kind of situations you want
to put yourself in to do well with it is
important or if you just happen to be
passing by one on the map knowing where
you're headed what you're gonna be doing
and deciding if the LMG would be a
better choice than whatever you
currently have at your primary is really
useful in general the mid range weapons
you got to get past 10-15 meters of a
shotgun or arranged where the smg's are
really gonna have an advantage it's just
in part due to their much tighter
hipfire spread the LMGs have a fairly
wide hipfire but not so far away that
the damage drop-off and the large amount
of recoil and the normal amount of
spread is going to cause you to miss a
lot of shots it's not that they're
useless at longer ranges other weapons
just perform better are these weapons
overpowered no I don't think so well put
it this way the Thompson a bit
underpowered it's still completely
effective the degree to which the LMGs
are overpowered is less than the degree
to which the Thompson is underpowered so
let's take a look at some stats the mg36
33 to 20 damage at 750 rpm the closest
weapons this compares to are the assault
rifles which are typically 28 to 18
damage at 800 and 850 rpm and the
assault rifle damage drop does start a
little further out the drum mag makes
for some fairly fast reloads especially
if you don't have to work the action and
the spread numbers are fairly typical
for guns and battlefield games but the
recoil especially the horizontal recoil
is some of the highest I've ever seen in
a battlefield game and the only good
news about that recoil is the first shot
multiplier which is only a 1 and this
would have a lot of recoil for LMG in
battlefield 3 which is a game where if
you normally wanted to use an LMG we're
kind of best off using it with a bipod
just to tame that recoil well there's no
option for a bipod and hard
so you just have to deal with that
recoil and that makes using this at
longer ranges or just with sustained
fire pretty challenging so well like
both LMGs burst firing very good idea
the mg36 that spawns on the map comes
equipped with a red dot sight laser and
ergo grip which is statistically the
same as a vertical grip helps with
shooting while moving those attachments
do nothing to tame the massive recoil of
this gun and encourage you to just get
in close spray from the hip and keep
moving around as you empty the drum
magazine into your enemies that's
generally not how I would choose to use
this gun it's more that you run into a
situation where you're gonna need a
hundred rounds of the magazine because
that's how many enemies are coming at
you
the mg36 is what spawns in the LMG
armory for the vehicles the sedan and
coupe and this time it has a different
set of attachments on it
the mg36 that spawns in the trunk of the
cars has a muzzle brake and stubby grip
these helped a lot with the accuracy of
the weapon if I could just equip the
mg36 on a class and however I wanted
this is likely the setup I would run
with well unless they let me use a
suppressor in which case I might do that
because suppressors on l1 G's are just
funny but this is the version of the mg
36 and well just the light machine gun
you're going to have the easiest access
to because you're not relying on the map
spawns and somebody else not to pick it
up from that map spawn this is one you
can get for yourself most of the time as
long as there's one of those vehicles on
the map it's an option ignoring the cost
to purchase it for each vehicle at
seventy-five thousand apiece is this
worth it you give up the option for
three Stinger missiles or one RPG it's
certainly a more versatile option
infantry on armored vehicles helicopters
and it can get more kills than either
the other options but when you need to
deal with a helicopter or especially an
armored vehicle you really need to deal
with it and there aren't many options
for doing that
giving up your RPG to do better you know
just running around killing infantry not
really the best call especially in your
primary weapon should have these same
general functionality as the LMG the
m240 Bravo is essentially a battle rifle
with honored round magazine shares the
same damage profiles about a rifles and
a battle rifle rate of fire at 600 rpm
just hundred rounds magazine and a
nearly seven second reload comes
equipped with a flash hider and stubby
grip the flash hider is kind of nice
especially in the night maps when you're
up on a rooftop firing a big LMG at guys
just a little less conspicuous one thing
to note is the 0.5 first shot recoil
multiplier that between tab fire really
quickly that will help rein in the
recoil and like most of its stats the
recoil is on par with what you'd see
from battle rifles it just comes in a
little lower on the vertical recoil and
a little higher on the horizontal recoil
for the category it's got nearly five
times the magazine of a normal battle
rifle and only like three and a half
times the reload you'll kill a bunch of
guys then their friends will come and
you'll kill them too and then their
friends will come and you'll be
reloading and you'll just die while
there's a bit of a pattern as to where
they're put the LMG spawns on the map I
haven't found anything to predict which
one will be there I mean once you know
what's on that map and mode it's the
same one every time but until then I
have no way to predict which one will be
there I hope this video was useful a big
thanks to simply calm for the stats and
I will see you guys next time